=for header
manpage:  LILOCONFIG
section:  8
title:    liloconfig documentation
version:  24.2
datum:    2015-11-22

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

liloconfig - create new lilo.conf file (with diskid and uuid)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<liloconfig> [B<-h>] [B<-v>] [B<-f>] [B<-u>] [B<lilo.conf>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

liloconfig is an simple program for creating a new lilo.conf file.
After creating the new configuration file you must execute '/sbin/lilo'.

liloconfig use the lilo.example.conf file as template. In the final
lilo.conf file you find many useful comments for custom changes.

Please pay attention about error messages if liloconfig cannot find
any images (/boot/vmlinuz*) oder image symlinks (/vmlinuz, /vmlinu.old).
Then you need to search for images by ourself and make some changes
in the '/etc/lilo.conf' file. Otherwise no bootloader can be installed
with '/sbin/lilo'.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-h>

Print a brief help.

=item B<-v>

Print verbose messages.

=item B<-f>

Force overriding existing lilo.conf.

=item B<-u>

Force overriding/update of boot line in lilo.conf.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

Lines in the configuration file /etc/lilo.conf:

  ### LILO global section ###

  #large-memory
  lba32
  #boot = /dev/sda
  boot = /dev/disk/by-id/ata-SAMSUNG_SV1604N_S01FJ10X999999
  #root = /dev/sda1
  root = "UUID=18843936-00f9-4df0-a373-000d05a5dd44"
  map = /boot/map
  install = menu
  menu-scheme = Wb:Yr:Wb:Wb
  prompt
  timeout = 100
  vga = normal
  #password = 
  #default = Linux

  ### LILO per-image section ###

  image = /boot/vmlinuz-3.17-trunk-686
      label = "Linux"
      #root = /dev/sda1
      #root = "UUID=18843936-00f9-4df0-a373-000d05a5dd44"
      read-only
  #   restricted
  #   alias = 1
  #   optional
      initrd = /boot/initrd.img-3.17-trunk-686

  image = /boot/vmlinuz-3.14-trunk-686
      label = "Linux Old"
      #root = /dev/sda1
      #root = "UUID=18843936-00f9-4df0-a373-000d05a5dd44"
      read-only
  #   restricted
  #   alias = 2
  #   optional
      initrd = /boot/initrd.img-3.14-trunk-686

=head1 COPYRIGHT and LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011-2015 Joachim Wiedorn

This script is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by 
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or 
(at your option) any later version.

=head1 AUTHOR

B<liloconfig> was written by Joachim Wiedorn.

This manual page was written by Joachim Wiedorn <joodevel at joonet.de>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<lilo>(8), B<update-lilo>(8), B<lilo-uuid-diskid>(8)

=cut
